+++
Categories = ["Etc"]
Tags = ["Life"]
date = "2014-04-24T18:55:00-08:00"
title = "Reflection"
disqusIdentifier = "188 http://www.richardsumilang.com/blog/?p=188"
aliases = ["/blog/2014/04/24/reflection"]

+++

[1]: https://www.php.net/manual/en/language.namespaces.basics.php#82088 "PHP Namespaces"
[2]: https://www.pinktaco.com/ "Pink Taco"

Today was just one of those days that started like any other. I've been doing a
lot of reflection over the past few weeks on what are my new goals. The act of
starting a new goal is always exciting but my life is pretty consistent despite
how random it seems. I always start off the day choosing one of my many similar
yet different shirts. Today I chose the shirt labeled Chocolate. I just wanted
someone to read "Chocolate" aloud so I can reply "Melts with in your mouth, not
in your hands." Is that too much to ask for? (Who knows...) So I go about my day
and start brushing up on PHP namespacing documents. I got some pretty useful
information out of the [top comment][1] and find out that it was written by me 6
years ago! It felt like the *past me* was talking to *current me*. A bit trippy
but also a bit embarrassing because I used to be on the bleeding edge of
software development &gt;= 6 years ago. I then joined big corporations. The
technology was usually behind but I did learn a lot in terms of scalability and
working with agile teams. Now in my current role I have the opportunity to do
some really cool stuff which has been a bit of a refresh. It's true what they
say, "if you don't use it, you lose it". But that's ok as I was also focusing
more on other aspects in my life rather than just being an engineer.

<!--more-->

We get two food trucks come by the office parking lot during lunch. One was a
rib truck today and the other was some vegan thing. Typically I go straight for
the red meat but I thought I'll be good this one time (at least once this month)
and get a vegan burger. My head was lost in code while I waited for my food. The
lady from the vegan truck called my name and when I picked up my food she said,
"mmmm chocolate, I could take you home and eat you for dessert!" I was totally
caught off guard without my one-liner ready. I just chuckled, said thank you,
and went back to office. #missedjokeoppurtuniy

My cousin and I met up after work as we normally do on Thursdays to have a
drink, talk about life, business, and whatever. I might add that the "Mexican"
food at [Pink Taco][2] is amazing! My favorite drink lately has been Johnie
Walker black label so I've been ordering that wherever I go. We were coming to
realizations of where technology and businesses are headed. During the talk we
got comped free Johnnie Walker blue labels by our waiter! I don't even know why
but who can say no to that? As the Gavin Rossdale would say, "take life straight
no chaser!"  I ended the day by buying a lottery ticket because today seemed
like one of those special occasion weird days and might as well try to exhaust.

Nonetheless I've been having an itch that needs scratching in regards to
something amazing that needs to be built. Maybe my recent blogs might hint where
things are going. Expect some interesting concepts coming down the pipeline as
I'm seeing a reflection of where things were a decade ago and getting the sense
of a full picture. Time will tell!
